Add the store account function (#306)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: doc/introduction/configuration.rst

    port = 443

Configuration options
---------------------

**authentication_token (str)** (*required*)
    API token for authentication to the Xanadu Cloud platform. This is required
    for submitting remote jobs using :class:`~.StarshipEngine`. Corresponding
    environment variable: ``SF_API_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN``

**hostname (str)** (*optional*)
    The hostname of the server to connect to. Defaults to ``localhost``. Must
    be one of the allowed hosts. Corresponding environment variable:
    ``SF_API_HOSTNAME``

**use_ssl (bool)** (*optional*)
    Whether to use SSL or not when connecting to the API. True or False.
    Corresponding environment variable: ``SF_API_USE_SSL``

**port (int)** (*optional*)
    The port to be used when connecting to the remote service.
    Corresponding environment variable: ``SF_API_PORT``

Store your account
------------------

Using the :func:`~.store_account` function, a configuration file containing your Xanadu Cloud credentials

> can be created easily. By default, this configuration file is saved *globally*, and will be used every time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be created. By default, this configuration file is saved *globally*, and will be used every time
```

a remote job is submitted.

> In these examples ``"MyToken"`` contains the user-specific authentication token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these examples ``"MyToken"`` should be replaced with a valid authentication token.
```

.. code-block:: python

    import strawberryfields as sf
    sf.store_account("MyToken")

.. note::

    By default, the account is stored in a ``config.toml`` file located in the
    *Strawberry Fields configuration directory*.

.. warning::
    Typically, a user should only ever have to execute this code snippet once, when
    initially configurating their system to connect to the Xanadu Cloud platform.
    It is advised to call ``store_account`` **separately** from any other
    Python code, such that the authentication token is not shared or committed

>     accidentally.

Reviewer: Since this is user facing, better to not call the user using third person :)

```suggestion
.. warning::

    The ``store_account`` function only needs to be executed once, when
    initially configuring your system to connect to the Xanadu cloud platform.
    
    Take care not to share or publicly commit your authentication token, as it provides
    full access to your account.
```

The following code snippet can be run to create a configuration file locally in
the *same directory* of a Python script or Jupyter Notebook that uses
Strawberry Fields:

.. code-block:: python

    import strawberryfields as sf
    sf.store_account("MyToken", location="local")

> To check out more detailed examples visit the :func:`~.store_account`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed examples, visit the :func:`~.store_account`
```

**port (int)** (*optional*)
    The port to be used when connecting to the remote service.
    Corresponding environment variable: ``SF_API_PORT``

Store your account
------------------

Using the :func:`~.store_account` function, a configuration file can be created easily. It only requires specifying the authentication token. Apart from that, further configuration options can be passed as keyword arguments.

> Configure for the current SF project

Reviewer 2: Title could use some polish

Author: Changing it, thanks!

************************************

The following is an example for using ``store_account`` with defaults:

.. code-block:: python

    import strawberryfields as sf
    sf.store_account("MyToken")

> where ``"MyToken"`` contains the user specific authentication token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where ``"MyToken"`` contains the user-specific authentication token.
```

> It is advised to execute this code snippet **only once** per configuration. This should be done in the same directory where the SF project can be found, separately from executing any other Strawberry Fields scripts. Using the default options it will store the account in the *current working directory* by creating a ``config.toml`` file.

Reviewer 2: Will a user know what "per configuration" means? Suggest making a bit more clear

Reviewer 2: What happens if the user runs this code snippet twice? Does anything break?

Author: Sure, I'll reword it :slightly_smiling_face: Great question, it simply creates the same file each time (so upon the second call, the first file will be overwritten)

The reason why I've included it is not to encourage users to have them in their scripts and also mainly to use this once and then in most cases not really bother about configuration at all. For other cases they could delve deeper into understanding the different options.

Author: It is worth noting that after a discussion with @josh146, I've now updated this such that the "user_config" option (that is *global*) is the default. The behaviour would be the same nonetheless, the file would be overwritten.

> It is advised to execute this code snippet **only once** per configuration. This should be done in the same directory where the SF project can be found, separately from executing any other Strawberry Fields scripts. Using the default options it will store the account in the *current working directory* by creating a ``config.toml`` file.

Reviewer 2: What is "the SF project"? :thinking:

Author: It was meant to refer to Strawberry Fields project, but I'll rephrase, thanks! :)

> It is advised to execute this code snippet **only once** per configuration. This should be done in the same directory where the SF project can be found, separately from executing any other Strawberry Fields scripts. Using the default options it will store the account in the *current working directory* by creating a ``config.toml`` file.

Reviewer 2: This should also be put on multiple lines

Configure for every SF project
******************************

The following code snippet can be used to create a configuration file for *every Strawberry Fields project*.

.. code-block:: python

    import strawberryfields as sf
    sf.store_account("MyToken", location="user_config")

> where ``"MyToken"`` is the user specific authentication token.

Reviewer 2: I'm not clear what a "Strawberry Fields project" is :thinking:

Author: I've reworded it, thanks!

**port (int)** (*optional*)
    The port to be used when connecting to the remote service.
    Corresponding environment variable: ``SF_API_PORT``

Store your account
------------------

> Using the :func:`~.store_account` function, a configuration file can be created easily. It only requires specifying the authentication token. Apart from that, further configuration options can be passed as keyword arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the :func:`~.store_account` function, a configuration file containing your Xanadu Cloud credentials
can be created easily. By default, this configuration file is saved *globally*, and will be used every time
a remote job is submitted.
```

Default configuration
*********************

The following is an example for using ``store_account`` with defaults:

.. code-block:: python

    import strawberryfields as sf

>     sf.store_account("MyToken")

Reviewer: Is `store_account` being imported into `__init__.py`?

Author: Not yet, thanks for catching that!

where ``"MyToken"`` contains the user-specific authentication token.

> It is advised to execute this code snippet **only once**, separately any other Python scripts.

Reviewer: I'm not quite sure what you mean by this statement?

Author: I was trying to describe that a user should in most cases execute this code only once (and afterwards their configuration would be done) and that this code should be kept separate from other Strawberry Fields related code that they have (such that it does not get committed or shared). Just trying to help out with suggestions such that they wouldn't give away their tokens. Let me know if you would suggest rewording or including different ideas here!

Reviewer 3: How about tying this in with a big warning not to commit your token?

Reviewer 2: If the main message we want to convey is to treat your token carefully and not commit it, then that should be what is stated here :).

.. note::

    Using the default options will store the account in the *Strawberry Fields configuration directory* by creating a ``config.toml`` file.

Configuration for a project
***************************

The following code snippet can be run in the *same directory* of a Python script or Jupyter Notebook that uses Strawberry Fields to create a configuration file *only for this project*:

.. code-block:: python

    import strawberryfields as sf
    sf.store_account("MyToken", location="local")

> where ``"MyToken"`` is the user specific authentication token.

Reviewer: Slight suggestion for the above: I would recommend shortening it (removing the two subsections), and just having one or two small examples. For additional details, the user can be redirected to the docstring for `store_account`, which should include all details about the function, plus more complicated examples.

Think of it as similar to how we do the 'quickstart' section in PennyLane. For example, the [measurements quickstart](https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/stable/introduction/measurements.html) briefly introduces the available functionality, with the user directed to go to the [expval docstring](https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/stable/code/api/pennylane.expval.html) for more examples and details.

Reviewer 3: Also, if you do go into the details of the project-level configuration, maybe have a motivation of why one would want to do this... e.g., is it so you can have a configuration that is different to the default?

Reviewer 2: Still seems a bit confusing to discuss specific projects having separate configurations. Maybe we shouldn't anticipate the user's needs too much here and just state plainly how to set global and local configurations

Author: I've implemented the suggestion coming from @josh146 such that here we have a smaller section only with two small examples :blush:

Author: @josh146 I've further added examples to the docstring of `store_account`

Reviewer: Agree with @co9olguy above

    import strawberryfields as sf
    sf.store_account("MyToken")

where ``"MyToken"`` contains the user-specific authentication token.

> It is advised to execute this code snippet **only once**, separately any other Python scripts.

Reviewer 2: Still seems to be a grammatical omission in this sentence. Anyway I still wasn't 100% happy with it, so I gave a go at modifying it
```suggestion
Typically, a user should only ever have to execute this code snippet once, when initially configurating their system to connect to the Xanadu cloud platform.
```

Author: Thank you! I've added this part to the warning message

.. note::

    Using the default options will store the account in the *Strawberry Fields configuration directory* by creating a ``config.toml`` file.

> Configuration for a project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Project-specific configurations
```

> ***************************

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*******************************
```
